人生最重要的一点是，永远不要迷失自己。
The most important thing in life is never to lose yourself.
没有一种不通过蔑视、忍受和奋斗就可以征服的命运。
There is no fate that can be conquered without scorn, endurance and struggle.
生命是属于你的，你应该根据自己的愿望去生活。
Life belongs to you. You should live according to your wishes.
世上没有绝望的处境，只有对处境绝望的人。
There is no desperate situation in the world, only those who are desperate.
每一个成功者都有一个开始。勇于开始，才能找到成功的路。
Every successful person has a beginning. Only by daring to start can we find the way to success.
只会幻想而不行动的人，永远也体会不到收获果实时的喜悦。
He who only fantasizes but does not act will never realize the joy of harvesting fruit.
普通人成功并非靠天赋，而是靠把寻常的天资发挥到不寻常的高度。
Ordinary people succeed not by gifts, but by bringing ordinary gifts to unusual heights.
充满着欢乐与斗争精神的人们，永远带着欢乐，欢迎雷霆与阳光。
People who are full of the spirit of joy and struggle always welcome thunder and sunshine with joy.
你的选择是做或不做，但不做就永远不会有机会。
Your choice is to do or not do, but if you don't do it, you will never have a chance.
即使爬到最高的山上，一次也只能脚踏实地地迈一步。
Even if you climb the highest mountain, you can only take one step at a time.
要铭记在心；每天都是一年中最美好的日子。
Keep in mind that every day is the best day of the year.
有勇气并不表示恐惧不存在，而是敢面对恐惧、克服恐惧。
Courage does not mean that fear does not exist, but that fear is faced and overcome.
走过了所有通向失败的路，剩下的那条路，就是成功之路。
After all the roads leading to failure, the remaining road is the road to success.
人生重要的不是所站的位置，而是所朝的方向。
What matters in life is not where you stand, but where you go.
只要是辛勤的蜜蜂，在生活的广阔原野里，到处都可以找到蜜源。
As long as it is hard-working bees, in the vast wilderness of life, you can find honey everywhere.
忘掉失败，不过要牢记失败中的教训。
Forget about failure, but remember the lessons of failure.
世上最累人的事，莫过于虚伪的过日子。
The most tiring thing in the world is to live in hypocrisy.
先相信自己，然后别人才会相信你。
Believe in yourself first, and then others will believe in you.
没有风浪，便没有勇敢的弄潮儿；没有荆棘，也没有不屈的开拓者。
Without wind and waves, there would be no brave tide maker, no thorns, and no unyielding pioneers.
人如果没有诚信，就算有聪明能力，永远只是个危险人物。
If a person does not have integrity, even if he is smart and capable, he will always be a dangerous person.
拧成一股绳，搏尽一份力，狠下一条心，共圆一个梦。
Twist into a rope, strive hard, a heart, a dream.
平凡人生要用平凡的心去对待，你的人生将会更精彩。
Ordinary life should be treated with ordinary heart, your life will be more wonderful.
撑起精神的广漠的天空，自信是一片阳光，能驱散迷失者眼前的阴影。
Self-confidence is a sunshine that can dispel the shadows in front of the lost.
风的方向是由树决定，人的方向是由自已决定。
The direction of the wind is determined by the tree, and the direction of man is determined by himself.
思想如钻子，必须集中在一点钻下去才有力量。
Thoughts, like drills, must concentrate on a bit of drilling in order to be powerful.
对于强者，要关注他们的灵魂，对于弱者，他关注他们的生存。
For the strong, we should pay attention to their souls. For the weak, we should pay attention to their survival.
愚蠢的人总是为昨天悔恨，为明天祈祷，可惜的是少了今天的努力。
Stupid people always regret for yesterday and pray for tomorrow. Unfortunately, today's efforts are less.
大多数人想要改造这个世界，但却罕有人想改造自己。
Most people want to change the world, but few want to change themselves.
成功不是条件是信念，成功不是方法是想法。
Success is not a condition but a belief. Success is not a way of thinking.
孤单寂寞与被遗弃感是最可怕的贫穷。
Loneliness and abandonment are the most terrible poverty.
人格的完善是本，财富的确立是末。
The perfection of personality is the foundation, and the establishment of wealth is the end.
有些事情本身我们无法控制，只好控制自己。
Some things are beyond our control and we have to control ourselves.
左右一个人成功的，不是能力，而是选择。
It is not ability, but choice that determines one's success.
没有天生的信心，只有不断培养的信心。
There is no innate confidence, only continuous cultivation of confidence.
山路曲折盘旋，但毕竟朝着顶峰延伸。
The mountain road twists and turns, but after all, it extends towards the peak.
生活坏到一定程度就会好起来，因为它无法更坏。
Life will be better if it's bad enough, because it can't be worse.
一个人的价值，应该看他贡献什么，而不应当看他取得什么。
The value of a person should depend on what he contributes, not on what he obtains.
把自己当傻瓜，不懂就问，你会学的更多。
Think of yourself as a fool and ask if you don't understand. You'll learn more.
萤火虫的光点虽然微弱，但亮着便是向黑暗挑战。
The light of fireflies is weak, but when it shines, it challenges the darkness.
做决定之前仔细考虑，一旦作了决定就要勇往直前、坚持到底。
Think carefully before you make a decision. Once you make a decision, go ahead and stick to it.
一个能思想的人，才是一个力量无边的人。
A man who can think is a man with unlimited power.
也许我不是最优秀的，但我是最努力的。
Maybe I'm not the best, but I try my best.
金钱损失了还能挽回，一旦失去信誉就很难挽回。
Loss of money can be recovered, once it loses credibility, it is difficult to recover.
懂得低头，才能出头。
Only when you know how to bow your head can you get ahead.
海浪为劈风斩浪的航船饯行，为随波逐流的轻舟送葬。
Waves are for sailing boats, and funerals for boats drifting along with the waves.
少一点预设的期待，那份对人的关怀会更自在。
A little less anticipation, that care for people will be more comfortable.
真正的爱，应该超越生命的长度、心灵的宽度、灵魂的深度。
True love should go beyond the length of life, the breadth of the soul and the depth of the soul.
路灯经过一夜的努力，才无愧地领受第一缕晨光的抚慰。
Street lamp after a night of efforts, it is worthy to receive the first ray of morning comfort.
躺在被窝里的人，并不感到太阳的温暖。
People lying in bed do not feel the warmth of the sun.
成功者永远不会言弃，放弃者永远不会成功。
Successful people will never give up, and those who give up will never succeed.
拥有梦想只是一种智力，实现梦想才是一种能力。
To have a dream is only an intelligence, and to realize it is an ability.
人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。
One must believe in oneself, which is the secret of success.
生命的成长，需要吃饭，还需要吃苦，吃亏。
The growth of life needs to eat, suffer hardships and suffer losses.
古之立大事者，不惟有超世之才，亦必有坚忍不拔之志。
Those who set up great events in ancient times must have perseverance as well as transcendental talents.
人必须要有耐心，特别是要有信心。
One must have patience, especially confidence.
力量必须从自己身上寻找，你终究会发现：你是真正的强者！
Strength must be sought from yourself, and you will eventually find that you are the real strong man!
你可以用爱得到全世界，你也可以用恨失去全世界。
You can use love to get the whole world, you can also use hate to lose the whole world.
若要喜爱你自己的价值，你就得给世界创造价值。
If you want to love your own value, you have to create value for the world.
一次的爱心，可能带给别人一生的转折。
A love once may bring a lifetime change to others.
永远不要以貌取人，慢慢地说，但要迅速的想。
Never judge people by their appearance. Speak slowly, but think quickly.
智者总是有成功的密码，能译出密码的人，心是成功的智者。
A wise man always has a successful password. The heart is a successful wise man who can translate the password.
自己要先看得起自己，别人才会看得起你。
You have to look up to yourself before others will look up to you.
自卑的人，总是在自卑里埋没的自己，记住，你是这个世界上唯一的。
People with inferiority complex always bury themselves in inferiority complex. Remember, you are the only one in the world.
眼泪的存在，是为了证明悲伤不是一场幻觉。
Tears exist to prove that grief is not an illusion.
不管我们踩什么样的高跷，没有自己的脚是不行的。
No matter what stilts we tread on, we can't do without our own feet.